docs: add more details about applicationIdentifier (#3656)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/configuration/properties.adoc

|`applicationIdentifier`
|`default-project-id`

> |Application identifier that's generated by default based on the project build settings (e.g., Maven's `groupId` and `artifactId` are hashed and prefixed with `app-`) -- during a production build. The property is used by the daily active users license model only for the moment. It can be configured by developers to differentiate end-users distribution between the same applications running in a cluster -- ones that have the same group and artifact IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Application identifier that's generated by default based on the project build settings (e.g., Maven's `groupId` and `artifactId`, the string value is then hashed and prefixed with `app-`) -- during a production build. The property is used by the daily active users license model only for the moment. It can be configured by developers to differentiate end-users distribution between the same applications running in a cluster -- ones that have the same group and artifact IDs.
```
